com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBinding
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentCreateAccountBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentCreateAccountBindingImpl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/BR.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.BR
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.BuildConfig
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentListShoesBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentListShoesBinding
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentAddShoesBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentAddShoesBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentInstructionsBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentInstructionsBindingImpl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentAddShoesBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentAddShoesBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentInstructionsBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentInstructionsBinding
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentWelcomeBindingImpl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentListShoesBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentListShoesBindingImpl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentAddShoesBindingV21Impl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentAddShoesBindingV21Impl
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentCreateAccountBinding.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentCreateAccountBinding
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/example/udacityprojectshoes/databinding/FragmentLoginBindingImpl.java
 com.example.udacityprojectshoes.databinding.FragmentLoginBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
